Test generation w/ `--yes` flag &  TypeScript (#2465)
cloudflare/wrangler2: .changeset/few-pumas-retire.md

---
"wrangler": minor
---

> Added support for `wrangler init` test generation and TypeScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: I prefer having a summary title.

Reviewer: In that case
```suggestion
Added support for `wrangler init` test generation when using TypeScript.
```

> The `--yes` flag now generates a test for the project using Jest and Jest types during initialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After this PR, `wrangler init --yes` will generate a test for your new Worker project, using Jest.
```

> When creating a TypeScript project, the user will be prompted to generate tests with Vitest, which supports TypeScript natively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `wrangler init`, and choosing to create a Typescript project, you will now be asked if Wrangler should write tests for you, using Vitest.
```

> This feature allows users to easily set up a testing environment for their project during the initialization process, when using the `--yes`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Avoid saying anything is simple/easy/fast/quick etc - but I'd remove this sentence entirely as it repeats what we told them in previous sentences

Author: Yeah, definitely should.

flag it will default to Vitest for the TypeScript project.

> This resolves issue #2436.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Closes #2436.
```

Author: the changeset doesnt affect it being closed.
